Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which methods did you decide to `overload`, and why?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

For most of the overloaded methods I chose mostly constructors because most of the methods for the subclasses had no or only one parameter, so allowing different input wouldn't be helpful. For the House class, I created an overloaded constructor that doesn't include number of residents, since this is a peice of information that is least likely to be known, and a constructor without a building name, since some Smith houses have only their address as their name. For the Library class, a created a constructor without a name, since on many college campuses there is one main library that isn't refered to with a specific name, and a constructor that only needs the name, since many library resources can be accessed virtually without needed to know the location or details about the physical building. For the cafe class, I created a constructor that takes a name and address and sets the floor number to 1 and verything in the inventory to 0, so that a cafe can be constructed and its inventory restocked separately, and I created an overloaded sellCoffee method to sell coffee without sugar or cream when they are not specified. 
I found this asignment relatively straightforward. I had to do research on my own how to implement overriding and overloading since I haven't been able to go to class, but this was helpful practice and helped me understand these concepts more broadly.